Fix compatibility issue with Android File Server plugin during debug symbols upload (#568)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

- Add path strings escaping for debug symbol upload script ([#561](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/561))

> - Fix compatibility issue with Android File Server plugin during debug symbols upload ([#568](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/568))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK now uploads debug symbols properly with the `Android File Server` plugin enabled in UE 5.0 and newer ([#568](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/568))
```
